Yes.
So you go find a bank.
Tran Ban, are you looking for a job today?
I asked you to lend me money so I would respect you.
Why do you want me to mortgage?
Daughter in law, Tran Ban.
You see the truth
Marrying my daughter is a blessing in your eight lives.
Now Kim Long is about to get married.
Use your money.
Why are you there to not give
Okay, if you say so.
So first you lend me 30 thousand last year.
50 thousand last year
There are 40,000 years ago, give it back to me first.
Is Tran Bang's mother a big mistake?
When did I lend you money?
He is my brother-in-law. He gave me that money.
Yes, it is because you honor me.
You should.
How to become a loan
probably so
I work hard to earn money to ruin my body.
When you come to your place, you become like that.
How much is this?
600,000 right?
Yes, 50 thousand.
I'm fine now.
Come here, damn it.
Ah, what face do you have for the prince to want 60 million
I am your father.
I am your grandfather.